42
Aqua Jet
CCET
2015-10-29T11:23
2015-10-29T12:23
FALSE
Design single stage water rocket using a plastic container preferably a soft. Bottle that uses a combination of pressurized air and water for propulsion to complete a defined task. A launcher should also be constructed that could launch the water rocket safely.

Design Specifications:
The capacity of the plastic container to be used should be less than or equal to 2 litres.
Only water and coke should be used as propellant no other gas is allowed to be pressurized and provide thrust to the rocket.
The maximum pressure should not exceed 60 psi.
Only the above given propellant should be used for launching (mentos can be used). No other potential, kinetic, or any other form of energy will be permitted for the launch.
The launcher must remain stationary on the ground while and after the launching of the rocket.
No component of the body part of the rocket should get detached from main frame during the flight of the rocket. If detached then rocket will be disqualified.
The flange and the mouth of the bottle can be used to hold the rocket while pressurizing.
Upper tip of rocket should be visible marked red.
No electronic device can be used.
The launching mechanism should be such be such that participant is enable to launch the rocket safely from the launcher.
  
Safety Precautions, Hints, and Tips:
To keep the rocket more aero dynamically stable there is a rule of thumb hat states that centre of drag (cod)should be 1-2 times the distance equal to rocket diameter behi8nd the centre of gravity (COG). Where COD can be found by making a cardboard cut out of the sideways view of the rocket and findings its centre of gravity
To lower cod you can use wings or to rise cog try using weights a nose of rocket.
Be careful while experimenting with water rocket. Use of excessive pressure might lead to accident.
Do not use minerals water bottles as they can withstand the high pressure use soft drink bottle.
Do not use any metallic part in rocket as it can cause harm.
Safety goggles are advised to be worn by the competitors.

The Competition will be carried out in two rounds.

Round 1 (Eliminations):
The task is to cover maximum horizontal distance.
The place where red tip will fall will be considered for scoring
Two trials will be given to the horizontal distances will be considered as score.
Participants are allows to use different free fliers for this round.
The teams who successfully crosses a specified distance will be eligible for finals.
    
Round 2 (Finals):
The task is to make the rocket land on the defined zones to earn maximum points.
Two trails will be given and best of two will be considered as round 2 score.
Participants are allowed to use different rocket for this round.
Team with highest scoring will be declared as winner.
    
Scoring total=round 1 score + round 2 score
Team size a maximum no. of 2 members in a team.
Any of following if satisfies may lead to disqualification of a team :
Rocket found dangerous by organizers and judges .
The rocket don’t have a triggering safety launch from a distance of 2m from the launcher.
Rocket blast before launch .
Design rule not abided by the participants .
Rocket launches before permitted by the judges .
The organizers reserve all rights to change any of the above rules as they deem fit.
In case of a discrepancy decision of the judges shall be treated as final an binding on all.

Certificates and Prizes
Certificates of participation will be given to all the participating teams.Certificates of Excellence and prize money will be awarded to the winning teams.
