47
Civil Wars
CAD-LAB (Block B)
2016-10-14T14:00
2016-10-14T16:00
FALSE

Team Specifications:

A maximum of 2 members are allowed in a team.

Eligibility: All students with a valid student id card from their respective colleges are allowed to participate.


Rules and Guidelines:

A maximum of 18 teams will be allowed to participate in the quiz competition.

The quiz will be a BUZZER type quiz and will contain 2 rounds.

Six (6) teams will be qualified for the 2nd round i.e. the final round, on the basis of the points scored in the 1st round.

Out of these six (6) teams, the first three (3) teams with the highest score at the end of the 2nd round will be announced as winners.

All the questions will be read two times by the Quiz Master.

After the Quiz Master has finished reading the question, the teams are required to hit the buzzer in ten (10) seconds. The first team who hit the buzzer will be entitled to answer to the question and the answer must be provided within one (1) minute.

Any team that hits the buzzer before the question has been completely read by the Quiz Master shall not be allowed to answer the question and the remaining teams shall be given the chance to answer the question.

For every correct answer, four (4) points will be allocated to the team whereas a wrong answer will result in a deduction of two (2) points from the team total points.

If the first team that hits the buzzer fails to provide an accurate answer, the Quiz Master will open the question for a second attempt to other teams excluding the team that hits the buzzer before the question has been completely read by the Quiz Master. For this second attempt, a correct answer will be awarded two (2) points while a wrong answer or team with no answer will be deducted one (1) point. If again the same scenario happens, the question will be cancelled and the next question will be asked.

Should there be a tie in points earned during any round, the Sudden Death Round will be implemented.

The participants shall not be allowed to use mobile or any other electronic devices.

All the questions will be related to Civil Topics only.

The decisions of the Judges will be the final and will not be subjected to any change.


Certificates and Prizes:

Certificates of participation will be given to all the participating teams. Certificates of Excellence will be awarded to the winning teams.

For registration visit: http://apratim.ccet.ac.in/login.php