38
Line Follower
A.E. Lab (2nd floor)
2016-10-14T11:00
2016-10-14T14:00
FALSE

Robot Specifications:

Robots have to operate autonomously and should not be remote-controlled(Bluetooth or any hand held device).

All systems (like sensors, power supply, data-processing and control-systems) have to completely reside on the robot.

The teams are allowed to use ready- made micro-controller boards/ready-made sensor kits. However they are not allowed to use Lego kits or any similar assemblies.

And violation of any of the above rules shall lead to disqualification.

Machine must be completely self-contained and should receive no outside assistance.

Machine should have an on-board power supply. No external power supply is allowed.

The bot should fit in a cube of dimension 30cm*30cm*30cm


Rules and Regulations:

The width of the line is 3cm.

Teams may have a maximum of 4 members.

The robot has to be developed and designed by the team itself. The usage of commercially complete robotic-systems which are sold ready for the purpose of the competition is not allowed.

The time of any run is measured from the time the robot crosses the starting line till the time it crosses the finish line.

A robot is deemed to have crossed the line when the forward most wheel, track, or leg of the robot contacts or crosses over the Line.


Timekeeping:

Time shall be measured by a judge with a stopwatch. The recorded time shall be final.

The track consists of a checkpoint and three hand touches are allowed before the checkpoint And equal no of hand touches are allowed between the finish line and the checkpoint.

Each hand touch attracts a time penalty of +4 seconds.

The decision of the organizing team will be final in Claims because of changing lighting conditions in the room or any other reason.

On crossing the checkpoint the team will be awarded -5 seconds from their total travel time

The organizers reserve the right to change any or all of the rules as they deem fit.

Violation of any of the rules will lead to disqualification. Judges' decision shall be treated as final and binding on all.


Certificates and Prizes:

Certificates of participation will be given to all the participating teams.Certificates of Excellence will be awarded to the winning teams.

For registration visit: apratim.ccet.ac.in
