30
Stage Play
Mutipurpose Hall
2016-10-14T11:00
2016-10-14T13:30
FALSE

Movies will make you famous,television will make you rich but theatre will make you good. The primordial and rudimentary aspect of stage play is once again back with Apratim 2015. It is expected to be truly a zephyr reflection of the artists of dramatics as well as a true visceral dedication to the stage. So pull up your socks for the amazing vying experience.

Rules:

Teams should submit a hard copy of script of the play, at the dramatics control desk, during registration latest by 5 Oct, 2016. Failing to do so by the specified time would lead to elimination. You Can email the scripts to

Play could be in English, Hindi or bi-lingual, or a musical drama.

Use of flammable substances like candles, matches or cigarettes or any alcoholic product during performance on stage is not allowed and will result in disqualification.

Team limit is 25 members including back stage cast and musicians.

Two teams from same college can participate but the entries should be with different team names.A team can have four backstage/props managers, one light in charge, one sound in-charge and a make-up artist (if any they have to be registered).

Also provide the name of the director, (who may or may not be an actor in the play itself), since there is an award for the Best Director. The performance can be an original or an adaptation. There are no constraints regarding that.

Inappropriate contest, religious blasphemy and vulgarity/obscenity will not be tolerated. In any case judges decision will be final.


Rules:Elimination Round

Every team would have to stage a part of their play.

Time limit:- maximum 15 min to perform the play (empty stage to empty stage), 3 min for adjusting stuff before the play and 2 minutes for removing the stuff after the play. Not adhering to time limit will result in negative marking.

3 teams will qualify for the final round.

Any kind of vulgarity and blasphemy is not allowed and will lead to disqualification.

Decision of judges will be final


Rules(Finals):

Time limit for the play would be 35-50 minutes (empty to empty stage) with a penalty for every extra minute.

A slot would be provided for technical run, only for the finalists just before the finals.

Hindi/punjabi/english songs are allowed.

Any kind of vulgarity and blasphemy is not allowed and will lead to disqualification.

Decision of judges will be final


Certificates and Prizes:

Cerificates of participation will be given to all the participating teams. Certificates of Excellence and prize money will be awarded to the winning teams.

For registration visit: http://apratim.ccet.ac.in/login.php